Task/startup order (#80)
Unleash/unleash-docker: README.md

https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/compose-versioning/#compatibility-matrix)

### Building the docker image

> The docker image is very small shim on top of unleashorg/unleash to include wait-for and allow the docker-compose configuration to ensure that we're not starting unleash until the database is actually up.

Reviewer: Maybe we should move this paragraph to the start of the readme and remove the "Building the docker image" heading? It doesn't really describe how to build it at the moment, and this paragraph reads more like a description of the repo,  think.

Maybe something like this would clarify what the purpose of the repo is? 

```suggestion
This repo contains a docker compose file and an extended dockerfile for running the Unleash server. The docker compose file will start a database, the Unleash server, and an Unleash proxy.

The extended Unleash dockerfile is very small shim on top of [unleash/unleash](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash/) to include wait-for and allow the docker-compose configuration to ensure that we're not starting Unleash until the database is up and running.
```
